= event_calendar

Generates HTML event calendars


== Installation

  gem install event_calendar


== Usage

=== Basic

  @event_calendar = EventCalendar.new(2009, 10, :events => Event.all)
  puts @event_calendar.to_html

=== Options

The <tt>EventCalendar.new</tt> method accepts a hash or block of options, for example:

  @event_calendar = EventCalendar.new(2009, 10, :id => 'calendar', :events => Event.all)
  
  @event_calendar = EventCalendar.new(2009, 10) do |c|
    c.id = 'calendar'
    c.events = Event.all
  end

See the documentation for the <tt>EventCalendar</tt> class at http://rdoc.info/projects/shuber/event_calendar for a list of available options.

=== Assets

  rake event_calendar:generate:css      # Generates css for the event calendar
  rake event_calendar:generate:js       # Generates js for the event calendar
  rake event_calendar:generate:sandbox  # Creates a sandbox in the current working directory for testing

==== Note

The default css was built on YUI (See http://developer.yahoo.com/yui) and javascript on Prototype (See http://www.prototypejs.org).


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
   bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.


== TODO

* Break Markaby template down into sections so that it's easier to overwrite certain parts
* Dynamic height calculations for calendar days in JavaScript
* jQuery support


== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Sean Huber. See MIT-LICENSE for details.